print  - prints the value thats in the cell passed.
printc - prints the value in the cell passed as a character.
prints - prints all the values between and including the two cell passed as characters.

set  - sets the cell passed to the number that's passed.
setc - sets the cell passed to the numerical equivalent of the character that's passed. 
sets - sets the current cell, and all of the following cells to the numerical eqivalents of the string of characters passed.

mov - moves the contents of the first cell to the contents of the second cell, and the other way around
cpy - copys the contents of the first cell to the contents of the second cell

add - adds the two cells, the result goes into the first cell passed.
sub - subtracts the 2nd cell from the first cell, puts the result in the first cell passed.
mul - multiplies the two cells, puts the result in the first cell passed.
div - divides the two cells, puts the result in the first cell passed.
exp - sets the first cell to the to the power of the second cell of the first

inc - increments the current cell one number
dec - decrements the current cell one number

cmp  - compares the two cells passed, if equal sets the first cell to 1, else 0
cmpl - checks to see if the first cell is less than the second, if true it sets the first cell to 1, else 0
cmpg - checks to see if the first cell is greater than the second, if true it sets the first cell to 1, else 0

read  - reads a number from the standard input and sets it to the cell passed.
readc - reads a character from the standard input and sets it to the cell passed.
reads - reads a string of characters into the cell passed and all those following up until the second cell passed(wont write further)

if - if the cell passed is non-zero, it executes the code up and until the else or end statement below.
while - if the cell passed is non-zero, it executes the code below to the following end statement until the cell passed becomes 0

sizeof - prints the size(in bits) of what the cells can hold.


Examples:

set #1 10
set #2 2
div #1 #2
print #1
$ 5

set #3 97
printc #3
$ a

sizeof
$ 64